# Improvements needed
This is just a list of what I need to improve following this game.
- Less passive in the beginning of rounds.
 > Once I have info I kinda know what to do, but at the beginning I sometimes just kinda stand there.
- Less hesitant movement.
 > I go back and forth a lot here, and even when I try to make a play I sometimes start shifting from way too far, missing timings.
- Recoil control.
 > It's just ass.
# T-Side
## General thoughts
- I'm shifting way way way too much, sometimes in places where they can't hear me
- My movement in general looks really bad here, I should try and improve it. It's way too static and hesitant in general for no reason really - I was doing quite well aim-wise and my movement is not helping.
- My sprays are another apparent issue, they're pretty awful so far.
- I don't know if there's even a point in continuing to watch this replay. My movement needs improving, my sprays need improving, and my teammates are consistently dropping the ball in the middle-game. Sometimes games are not winnable.
## Rounds
### Round 2
Leaning heavy toward B, I have bomb
For some reason I move towards mid, get a kill on a dude in mid but die to elbow
I think I should drop bomb first before moving towards mid, or go to cave/ramp
### Round 3
- Heavy A lean (3 A main, 1 B cave, and I'm elbow)
- I started with the bomb again, dropped it behind elbow which is good, then looking towards mid
- I notice a weird CT smoke miss (pops at 1:30), so I peak mid from elbow into an AWP and die at 1:15
- I die with a smoke and a flash, should've used that flash or maybe smoke red room and leave
- Looking back in the replay, someone smoked off red room (pops around 1:40) but it wasn't called - if I knew I think moving into donut there wins us the round
### Round 4
- We have a B rush setup it seems, but nobody is going, and I'm holding ramp from doors which I very much dislike
- I think here I should be going for an aggressive mid play, or at least peak into mid - if I did that I'd catch a dude off-guard in elbow
### Round 6
- All 4 teammates go towards B, I start going towards A and then turn around - I really dislike this, I think I should commit for now and maybe hold elbow or something
### Round 8
- Middle-round, I'm now towards B-doors. I flash high site, causing the AWP to shoot from short. Knowing this, my teammates start moving into cave and I'm looking mid (hell?) expecting a peak. This is a good play and I like it.
### Round 10
- I died because my sprays have been awful this whole game
### Round 11
### Round 12
# CT-Side